Update for managed backups cloud 2.0 (#18919)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v23.2/cockroachdb-feature-availability.md

### Restore a CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} cluster from a managed-service backup

> [Restoring an entire CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} cluster from a managed-service backup]({% link cockroachcloud/managed-backups.md %}#restore-a-cluster) is in preview. Managed backups are automated backups of clusters in CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} that are stored in Cockroach Labs' cloud storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Restoring an entire CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }} cluster from a managed-service backup]({% link cockroachcloud/managed-backups.md %}?filters=advanced#restore-data-in-advanced-clusters) is in preview. Managed backups are automated backups of clusters in CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} that are stored in Cockroach Labs' cloud storage.
```
